(LOOΠΔ 1/3 doing a rehearsal!)
(And there are YeoJin and Choerry watching it beside the stage!)
Choerry: It's your first performance ever! How do you feel?
YeoJin: I feel great
(However she looks very nervous about her first performance!)
(She's preparing the first ever performance for 'Kiss Later' carefully)
(And there is a person watching her from the audience setas!)
JinSoul: You know, YeoJin has never done any promotion yet.
JinSoul: I was worried about that...
JinSoul: So I'm here to do monitor for her!
(She's supporting her!)
JinSoul: I think she's nervous because I saw her eyes were shaking
JinSoul: However I guess she belongs to the stage, definitely.
JinSoul: I'm sure that she's going to do great on the stage for the fan meeting today.
JinSoul: You can do well, right?
JinSoul: Actually I've never seen that she's speaking in a calm voice like that~